Hey, good morning family.
How y'all been doing?
I'm sorry it's been so long since I made a video.
I've had a lot going on.
But I wanted to come on today and tell you all thank you for 100,000 subscribers.
Wow.
Whenever my son and I were watching the numbers and when it hit 100,000, I was just like, 'Wow, God, look what you did.
' You know, I set out to do this channel back in March of 2023, and a year later, the Lord gave us 100,000.
Whenever I got to 10,000, I thought, 'Man, this is a lot of people.
' And I told my son, 'Do you ever think we'll get to 100,000?
' He goes, 'Yeah, Dad, I believe we will.
It may take a while, but we'll get there eventually.
' And so that was back in August.
I think we hit 10,000 subscribers back in August.
Remember when you hit 20,000?
That was like in July or something, right?
Oh, was it?
Yeah, I remember you said thank you for 20,000 subscribers.
Well, whenever it was 10,000, it might have been probably April or May.
But just seeing what God has done—and He did it so quick.
And I just wanted to say thank you all for being a part.
It's for people like you that come and support me and do what y'all do.
The likes, the comments, the shares—it's a real blessing to us.
You are helping get the gospel spread throughout the whole world.
Literally, we are getting people saved throughout the whole world.
And so, I thought it was cool.
I want to tell you all something.
Pastor Steve Cioccolanti called me today and he was in a nearby city.
He said, 'I want you to come down and I want to meet you in person.
' You know, we've talked on the phone a lot and we've talked over Zoom or Skype, whatever.
We talk through that, but I've never got to meet him face to face.
He was in town, so I went over and I got to meet him and Amanda Grace.
Amanda Grace flew in and she was here and we all did a collab together.
'What you guys been eating?
' 'McDonald's.
' She ate a turkey sandwich.
'It smells like Australia.
Where are we going?
' So, the prophet lady is here: Amanda Grace.
And let's say we'll just come.
Maybe we'll talk about the eclipse or something.
'Brandon's arm is a little bit cut off.
' 'I can do it slightly like this.
' 'It's all right.
Let's do it.
' All right.
Discover Church—I'm here with a couple of friends that I'm sure you recognize: Amanda Grace and Brandon.
So, we're here together and I just think it would be a nice opportunity to hear from the Lord about what's happening in the United States.
What the Lord has showed me about this eclipse is that He said basically, when I was praying a couple weeks ago, 'Brandon, I want you to watch Passover, for when Passover comes, there's going to be an acceleration of things even more so from what it was from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
' Prophetic ministry is saying, 'Oh, no.
You know, if Trump comes in, it's going to be great.
Everything's going to work out great.
We're all going to be rich.
' Pockets of, I believe, turbulence, civil war, terrorism—but nothing engulfs the whole world.
Pockets of turbulence.
I remember that was the word the Lord gave me before the 2020 election: 'You are about to enter turbulence.
' And they kind of link up a little bit in certain areas.
They do.
And they link up in Saudi Arabia.
The whole project, the greatest construction project on earth right now, is called NEOM.
It's like a futuristic green city.
And guess who's building it?
The biggest Sunni country in the world.
I'm going to be real with y'all and I'm just going to be as bold and as blunt as I can be.
If you are not keeping your lamps full of oil for what I've seen coming, you're not going to make it.
You have got to find and have a relationship with the Lord like you've never had before.
I want you all to be looking for that.
He just asked some questions about the eclipse, about what she saw coming, what the Lord showed her, and things about the coming prophetically.
And he asked me, and so it was a really powerful time.
I never got to meet her before.
She's a really cool lady.
Clay Clark—I got to meet Clay Clark.
He was there and General Flynn.
Got to meet General Flynn.
General Flynn is a really cool guy—Donald Trump's guy.
And so, you know, God just opened some doors today and I was just really excited about it.
It was one of those things that was just God.
And I thought it was cool to get to meet Amanda.
She has a pretty big YouTube channel, I found out, and to hear her heart of what the Lord is showing her about what's coming and where we are in America.
And so I encourage you all, whenever Pastor Steve puts that up, to be watching for that.
Pastor Steve, I'm telling you, meeting him face to face is even better than getting to watch his videos.
The man is full of the Word and it was just an anointed time.
They are some really good people.
And it was exciting to see other YouTubers and people who are spreading the Word about the end times and are as excited about Jesus's coming as much as I am.
And he prayed for my family and you could feel the power.
The anointing was so strong and, like I said, I encourage you all to go over and watch this video when he gets it up.
It was a 45-minute video.
I don't know if he'll put it all on there, but we all talked for like 45 minutes.
I think he might edit it down a lot, but who knows?
Whatever he edits out and doesn't like, maybe he'll let me put some of it on there.
I don't know.
We'll see.
But it's his deal.
But I just wanted to say thank you, even if Pastor Steve's watching this.
Thank you for inviting me.
That was really cool.
And so I'll bypass.
Let's go on to something else here.
But things are escalating like warp speed now as everybody can see.
You know, I wanted to tell you all I was praying and I was in the spirit, and I think it was like four or five days ago.
The Lord warned me about three men.
And I want you all to pay close attention to this, okay?
I need your prayers.
I come on here to warn you about what the Lord is showing me for intercessors.
This is an intercessory prayer channel.
Bottom line, God has called me to pray and to bring prayer on YouTube.
And so he showed me these three men crossing the border, and they were terrorists.
It's in Arizona that they crossed.
It was down by where the Tucson, Arizona area is—Tucson, down that area.
And they crossed the border secretly.
And the Lord warned me.
He said, 'These three men are very bad people.
' One guy was heavy set.
In the vision what the Lord showed me, he had a great big black beard.
He was Middle Eastern.
And so he told me that they were planning in America another type of a 9/11 event.
Now we know what happened in 9/11 with the flights and everything.
Now how long did it take to plan something out that big?
I don't know.
I don't know if they already have it planned.
I don't know anything.
All I know is I saw this and the Lord has told me to pray over it, that they have planned to do something.
Whether what city, whatever, I don't know.
All I saw was a vision and the Lord gave it to me and he told me to intercede for protection.
So here's another warning.
Always prepare every day with prayer, seeking Him daily.
Always prepare every day before you start your day with prayer.
Seek the Father and ask Him, 'What is Your agenda?
Not my agenda for my day.
What is Your agenda for my day, Lord?
' Seek Him because it is the difference.
I'm telling you all, where we are right now in the end times is life and death.
It can be that much of a decision.
You could be here that morning or be gone that afternoon because you're not listening to the voice of the Lord.
You have to hear Him on a day-to-day basis in the inner, inward peace that passes all understanding.
If you don't have peace, you say, 'Well, I don't hear the voice of the Lord.
' No.
Yes, you do.
It's called the Holy Spirit, and He dwells on the inside of you and He gives you peace or He gives you—it's like a check.
You'll feel like, 'I feel bothered.
I don't feel like we should do that today.
' Now, you always test the spirits and you say, 'Is this You?
' Now, don't let a spirit of forebodings bother you.
If you look at that, it's a demonic spirit and it tries to torment you.
I'm not talking about being tormented and going around always feeling everything, going, 'I don't feel like we can do anything,' and being all flaky.
No, I'm talking about, 'Father, I humble myself before You today.
And I ask You, Father, right now that You guide and You direct everything I do—not my agenda, but what's on Yours.
' Now, Father, I know I have to go to work today to provide for my family.
And I thank You, Lord, that You give me wisdom of where I'm supposed to be and when I'm supposed to be there.
You know, He may say, 'Don't go to work today.
' Anybody would say, 'Well, praise God,' because a lot of people don't want to go to work today.
But I'm just saying it could be like those people that went in the towers of 9/11.
There were a lot of people who didn't show up for work that day because they did not have peace.
There was something that did not happen.
I always pray that the steps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
And I thank You, Father, that You're leading and guiding me today to where I'm supposed to be.
And pray for divine delays.
Don't get mad.
Maybe sometimes you might lose your car keys or something.
It's a divine delay.
Just look at it that way.
It could be God protecting you.
It could be a divine hand protecting you from a car accident or being at the wrong place at the wrong time.
You need to be at the right place at the right time, hearing His voice every day, listening to Him.
You may hear it and your teenager might say, 'Hey, I'm going over to my friend's house tonight and we're going to have a sleepover,' and you may feel inside, 'I don't feel good about that circumstance.
' You have control over your kids to be able to protect them as you're supposed to.
You say, 'No, don't go over there.
' Because there've been times I've heard people—they go over to a sleepover, they didn't know it, boys end up playing with guns, the gun accidentally goes off, shoots the kid in the head, and he died.
This is a true story that has happened.
I had a friend, I worked at the church I told you all for years, and his name was Thomas.
Good kid.
He was jogging home from school and was practicing.
He had his headphones on and one of those big dump trucks backed over the top of him and killed him instantly.
Thomas is not here anymore.
But that kid was a good kid.
It shook me because he helped me volunteer.
He was a volunteer; he helped me clean and do stuff.
And I thought, just hearing His voice—that was a tragic situation—but to hear Him and say, 'Do not go jogging today.
' I always thought, 'Man, I wonder if he heard.
' It's just one of those things—life is so precious and you don't judge the person if they don't hear.
Accidents happen, but I'm believing God that it doesn't happen to you by hearing the voice of the Lord.
Thomas was a tragic accident and he went home too early.
He was, I think, 13 or 14 years old, and that dump truck hit him because there was no beeper on the back of the dump truck.
Well, terrible things happen.
But you know what I'm saying?
What I'm trying to say, I just felt it on my heart to warn you all again.
I've told you all about being in big crowds.
I've warned you about being in big football games, baseball, whatever.
Hearing the voice of the Lord in these last days.
I know for a fact Jesus is coming and He's coming soon.
So, I just wanted to tell you all, being in the right place at the right time in these last days is crucial—crucial that we hear Him every day.
Follow the peace that passes all understanding inside of your spirit, having a relationship with the Father.
Like I said, I'm honored that you all would even come to listen to me and to listen to this YouTube channel and to be a part of it.
And I'm hoping these little messages like this are a blessing to you because I'm telling you all, I have such an inward check about things.
Things are happening.
You can feel it.
Even after Biden's State of the Union, y'all, I'm telling you, something big is fixing to happen.
Some big major events are fixing to take place with Israel with the signs of the times, the escalation of things.
Like I've told you, Passover's coming this time next month, I believe.
We're right there.
And the Lord said there was a great escalation of things coming.
So be watching, be vigilant, be in prayer.
Something interesting also: I was praying, I was exercising, and the Lord said, 'I want you to go listen to Dana Coverstone.
' I believe it's Dana.
He has the dreams—he has a lot of dreams—from Kentucky.
So, I went and listened to his video about 'kicking the can.
' And the Lord really spoke to me.
I'm telling you, there's—even he's getting warnings about things, about these red dragons and the things the Lord showed him.
It was just a really prophetic dream about food shortages and things like that.
So I try, like I said, I try not to come on here and tell y'all fear, but I tell you what the Spirit of the Lord tells me to tell you.
And I do it with boldness.
The more I do this, the more I have a boldness about it and an awakening inside of me to tell you all Jesus is coming.
And then the Lord keeps telling me about the revival.
I keep seeing a revival take place, a major major outpouring of the grace of God like we've never seen before—a supernatural grace explosion upon America, upon this earth for one last push for a major harvest of souls.
So, I'm excited about it.
I know we're right on the heels of this thing, of a major move of God, and we're about to see it.
So, I just want to pray for you all and just tell you all thank you for clicking—here's my little bell—clicking that notification bell, clicking the like button, doing all the things y'all do, being a blessing.
But I want to pray for you all to hear the voice of the Lord concerning your life today, to be listening to Him on a daily basis.
So, Father, we thank You.
You said in Your Word that Your sheep would know Your voice and a stranger's voice they'll not follow.
We thank You, Lord, that we do not hear the enemy's voice concerning anything in our life.
We bind the spirit of fear and torment off of our lives today.
We bind that devil in Jesus' name.
And we thank You, Lord, that You said You've come to set the captives free and that we would have life and life more abundantly.
I believe that every single person watching this video today can walk an abundant life full of the Holy Ghost, full of expectation and manifestations of the glory.
We are living in those last days, Father.
And I thank You, Father, that they're healed, whole, and well from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
They're delivered from sickness and disease, from bondage, and from satanic oppression of all kinds, generational curses, and generational strongholds.
We call them broken off of your life.
We call you delivered and set free by the power of Jesus.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, for every single person here—that they're healed, whole, and well, their marriages are restored, and their children are doing good.
I thank You, Lord, for creative wisdom on the inside of them to get wealth.
Supernatural ideas are coming to them, Father, to make them the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
I thank You, Lord, that they are blessed, and I thank You that it's by grace, Lord.
It's like You told me this week: "I want you to become a greater student of grace.
Meditate on grace.
" Meditate on it, and I encourage you all to meditate on the grace of God.
It's something you don't deserve and it's something you can't earn.
And I'm telling you, Jesus paid the price.
It's not about being stirred up all the time, just quoting scripture all the time; it's about resting in His finished work.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory, and I'm telling you, it's by grace.
He has been working on me with this, and it's just been a refiner's fire for me—just like a pushing and molding inside of me.
And I'm just like, "Wow.
" You think you can pray enough?
You think you can read your Bible enough to get Him to move?
How much you can pray in the Holy Ghost in a day to get God to do something?
But Jesus did it all by grace.
And you can't pray enough because it's not by works, lest any man should boast.
It's all about His grace, and He paid the price for you.
I'm telling you all, it's very important that you understand that.
Yeah, we read the Bible and pray; yeah, we do all this stuff, but we do it with a motive to get close to Him and to have a relationship with Him, not so that we can get something from Him, but to have a relationship with Him.
I do it because You're so good.
He saved my soul; He delivered me; He set me free.
I pray to You, God, because I love You and I want a relationship with You today—not trying to get something from You, but just to give praise to You.
He's worthy of it.
And all that He does back is by grace.
You can't earn it and you don't deserve it.
It's grace.
He loves us.
And I just want you to be encouraged today.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all: be encouraged today.
Jesus loves you.
Jesus loves you and He paid the price for you to walk in abundance and to have overflow in your life and every area of your life to be filled with His joy.
So, peace He leaves with you; peace He gives to you—not as the world gives.
His peace is on you today—His peace, His love, His joy, His self-control concerning food and things.
So, I just want to encourage y'all today.
I just want to tell you thank you for being a part of this YouTube channel and for praying about these bozos crossing the border.
They're serious; these guys are bad.
And we need to pray for discovery for them to be caught and exposed, and that the Lord would bring intelligence people to find out about them and they'll be busted.
So, I believe it.
All hidden things be revealed.
No weapon formed against us will prosper.
So, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we will see you next time right here, probably tomorrow.
Y'all have a blessed day.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.